{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [
\f1\b Three male friends, 25 to 50, are on a Zoom call discussing possible plans for monthly \'93guys night out\'94\'97the three of them should be similar age range]
\f0\b0 \
\
RONNIE:  
\f1\b Whadda ya wanna do next week for
\f2\i  boys night out
\f1\i0 ?
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b \

\f0\b0 JAKE:
\f1\b   Oh\'85.I dunno.  Hang out at the pub?
\f0\b0 \
\
RONNIE: 
\f1\b Man, that\'92s all we ever do?  Let\'92s try something different!\

\f0\b0 \
BRAD: 
\f1\b Like what, dude?\

\f0\b0 \
RONNIE; 
\f1\b I found this new app called Shake It\'97that has hundreds of crazy cool things to do.  It picks \'91em at random, and tells who pays.
\f0\b0 \
\
JAKE: 
\f1\b Well, let\'92s check it out.  Let me see.
\f0\b0 \
\
RONNIE:  
\f1\b Alright, let\'92s get rolling. 
\f0\b0  [CUT TO SCREEN SHOT OF APP]  \

\f1\b OK.  There\'92s 4 date categories that we\'85
\f0\b0 \
\
BRAD:  [O/C] (Interrupts) 
\f1\b So, we\'92re goin\'92 on a \ul date\ulnone ? 
\f0\b0 (sorta snarky and laughing)\
\
RONNIE:  [O/C] 
\f1\b Friend date, fool.
\f0\b0  [BACK TO APP] \

\f1\b You can pick friends or romance.  It works for couples, friends and groups, too.  
\f0\b0 \
\
JAKE:  [O/C] 
\f1\b So, not just for our epic encounters, eh? 
\f0\b0 (sarcastic)\
\
RONNIE: [O/C] 
\f1\b Yeah.
\f0\b0   
\f1\b Then you pick the type of activity you want.
\f0\b0   (beat) 
\f1\b Let\'92s try physical. 
\f0\b0  (shakes the phone) [CUT TO SCREEN]\
\
BRAD:  
\f1\b It\'92s like Vegas\

\f0\b0 \
[rollers land on target shooting and dutch]\
\
(
\f1\b ALL THREE 
\f0\b0 laugh and simultaneously say:)  
\f1\b YES!
\f0\b0 \
\
RONNIE:  (O/C) 
\f1\b Looks alright, but let\'92s try it a couple more times.
\f0\b0  [SHAKES PHONE AGAIN]\
\
[APP comes up
\f3\i  Frisbee golf\'97corporate card
\f0\i0 ; and then 
\f3\i air hockey\'97flip a coin
\f0\i0 ]\
\
RONNIE:  (O/C)  
\f1\b Well, whadda ya think, bro? 
\f0\b0  \
\
JAKE:  (O/C) 
\f1\b Target shooting for me.\
\

\f0\b0 BRAD:  
\f1\b Me three!
\f0\b0 \
\
RONNIE:  (O/C\'97NODDING) 
\f1\b OK.
\f0\b0  (beat)
\f1\b   Hey, check out these 3 buttons. 
\f0\b0  [BACK TO APP SCREEN]\

\f1\b They have \ul discounts\ulnone  for what we just selected.  And, there\'92s Premium Fun\'97ya know, like Top Golf or Dave and Buster\'92s.  And, Travel Escape.\

\f0\b0 \
BRAD:  
\f1\b Where we will definitely take the ladies \ul with\ulnone  us for a \ul real\ulnone  escape as soon as we can. 
\f0\b0  (beat)  [O/C] 
\f1\b I look forward to spinning that on behalf of the team, buddy.  \
\

\f0\b0 JAKE:
\f1\b  What\'92s it called again?\

\f0\b0 \
RONNIE:  
\f1\b Shake iT
\f0\b0 .  [CUT TO SCREEN SHOT IN APP STORE]  \

\f1\b Download it for free in the app store\
\
(ALL THREE O/C laughing, talking over each other in happy agreement as they go to the phones to download the APP)
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b VOICEOVER:
\f0\b0   
\f1\b Dating sites get people together, but they don\'92t help people date.  For that, all you need to do is \'93Shake It\'94  [close over logo]\
\

\f0\b0   }