{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 [Dating couple, 21 to 30, are contemplating their next date via Zoom]\

\f1\b0 \
ANNOUNCER V/O:  Wendy and Ted met through a popular dating app.  They\'92ve been out 4 times and are making plans for their next date.\
\
TED:  
\f0\b I\'92m looking forward to tomorrow night.
\f1\b0 \
\
WENDY:  
\f0\b Me, too.  But, can we try something different?
\f1\b0 \
\
TED:  
\f0\b Different?  Like what?\

\f1\b0 \
WENDY:  
\f0\b As in, something simpler than a fancy dinner with zillions of calories.   Now, don\'92t get me wrong, I love\'85..
\f1\b0 \
\
TED (interrupts);  
\f0\b That\'92s OK
\f1\b0  (with a laugh).  
\f0\b I\'92ve been thinking the same thing. I wanted to show you this cool new app I got called \'93Shake It\'94.\

\f1\b0 \
WENDY:  
\f0\b What\'92s it do?
\f1\b0 \
\
TED:  
\f0\b I\'92ll show you,
\f1\b0 \
\
TED:  (VOICEOVER): [SHOWING APP SCREEN ON PHONE]   
\f0\b OK.  The main screen tells us to select a \'93romantic\'94 or \'93friend\'94 date.  \

\f1\b0 \
TED:  (back on camera):  
\f0\b We\'92re friends, right? 
\f1\b0 \
\
WENDY:  
\f0\b You\'92d better hit that romantic button, buddy.
\f1\b0   (they both laugh)  [Back to APP]\
\
TED (voiceover):  
\f0\b Cool.  OK.  Then it tells us to select the kind of date.  Either EATS, PHYSICAL, CULTURAL or MYSTERY DATE.\

\f1\b0 \
WENDY: (voiceover).  
\f0\b Let\'92s try MYSTERY DATE.  [ted reacts with an approving \'93Mmn!\'94]
\f1\b0 \
\
TED.  (VOICEOVER)  \{SHOWS RANDOM ROLLERS SCREEN).  
\f0\b NOW WE JUST \'93SHAKE IT\'94 OR WE CAN TAP THE SHAKE BUTTON ON THE PHONE.
\f1\b0   (ROLLERS SPIN; LAND ON \'93BALLROOM DANCING\'94-\'93HE PAYS\'94.\
\
WENDY (VOICEOVER):  
\f0\b THAT SOUNDS FUN.
\f1\b0 \
\
TED: (VOICEOVER):  
\f0\b YEAH, BUT LET\'92S TRY IT A FEW MORE TIMES AND SEE WHAT COMES UP 
\f1\b0 (ROLLS TO 4 MORE OPTIONS)\
\
TED/WENDY (VOICEOVER):  [THEY LAUGH AND REACT TO EACH SUBSEQUENT CHOICE] \
\
WENDY:  (on camera):  
\f0\b Ballroom Dancing is a keeper.
\f1\b0 \
\
TED:  
\f0\b Yeah!  We\'92ll use this again.  Man, I wish our dating site had offered us this.
\f1\b0  [cut to app\}  
\f0\b Look, it all the places we can go 
\f1\b0 [screenshot]
\f0\b .  
\f1\b0 [screenshot]
\f0\b  And, we can even get discounts!    
\f1\b0 \
\
WENDY:  
\f0\b I thought I was priceless.
\f1\b0 \
\
TED and WENDY both laughing and starting to talk excitedly about trying out some new steps\
\
TED;  
\f0\b Do you know how to Tango?  
\f1\b0 Fades under announcer:\
\
VOICEOVER:  Dating sites get people together, but they don\'92t help people date.  For that, all you need to do is \'93Shake It\'94  [close over logo]}